applications: machine_learning: Implement power manager (#5672)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Edge Impulse
------------

* Added power manager to the :ref:`nrf_machine_learning_app` application.
* Updated information about custom build types.

Common Application Framework (CAF)
----------------------------------

Added:

* Added :ref:`caf_buttons_pm_keep_alive`.

Updated:

* The power management support in modules is now enabled by default when the :kconfig:`CONFIG_CAF_PM_EVENTS` Kconfig option is enabled.

> * Mark the dependency of :ref:`caf_power_manager` on :kconfig:`PM_POLICY_APP` that is required for application with :ref:`caf_power_manager` to link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The :ref:`caf_power_manager` now has a dependency on :kconfig:`CONFIG_PM_POLICY_APP`, which is required by the application that is using the :ref:`caf_power_manager` to link.
```
What does "to link" mean at the end?

Author: @greg-fer
To link the code - this is the process after compilation that connects all the object files and libraries in one binary code.

Added:

* :ref:`caf_preview_sample` sample.

> * Added :ref:`caf_buttons_pm_keep_alive`.

Reviewer 2: Added word is typed twice now

Author: Well - it is the same like it is done in nRF Desktop subtitle. We should decide which version we would use.

Author: Already cleaned.

Updated:

* The power management support in modules is now enabled by default when the :kconfig:`CONFIG_CAF_PM_EVENTS` Kconfig option is enabled.

> * The :ref:`caf_power_manager` now has a dependency on :kconfig:`CONFIG_PM_POLICY_APP`, which is required by the application that is using the :ref:`caf_power_manager` to link.

Reviewer 2: Typo in commit message:
configiration -> configuration

Author: ok
